1)Identify and analyze a device that is an IoT device now, but in the past was a non-IoT device. Describe and list the features of the device. Compare the functions of the device in the past to the functions of the device now.

A)Our phones,they are the best and the most evolving example of the advancement of the tecnology and IoT. The new phones available now a days are smart phones which are the example of the IoT device now a days but it was not in the past.A smartphone has as many as sensors that are very much useful.The new smartphones has the feature of healthcare,transportation and location based services etc.With these new features the in smartphones makes a major difference in our life style , where as the older version of the phones would be used only for certain limited tasks only .

2)Compare the functions of the device in the past to the functions of the device now.

A)With these upgraded feature in the mobile phones it allows the users to get the real time information such as location based    services,disease management and tracking.


3)For your chosen IoT device, list any improvements or any diminishments if they exist, over the non-IOT device. Describe any limitations that are present in the new IoT version of the device.

A)The smartphone enabling technologies such as built in sensors ,bluetooth and the radio frequency identification tracking and near field communications are the main improvements for the IoT devices over the non - IoT devices.

4)Describe any privacy issues with the IoT device that never existed in the original version of the device. Compare the price of the original device to the price of the new IoT version of the device. When performing a price comparison, attempt to normalize for the changing value of currency over time by using an online inflation calculator.

A)Yes there are some of the privacy issues with the smartphone - Iot device , these will not be present in the original version of the phone . The privacy issues comes up because of the enabling the location or the bluetooth acces. The price of the newer version is approximately three to four times greater  than the older one's.
